JavaScript classes lesson: Resolve disparities between lesson content and knowledge checks (#24432)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/organizing_your_javascript_code/classes.md

- Describe the pros and cons of using classes in JavaScript.
- Briefly discuss how JavaScript's object creation differs from a language like Java or Ruby.
- Explain the differences between an object constructor and a class.

> - Explain what "getters" & "setters" are.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Explain what "getters" and "setters" are.
```
Not related to your changes, but I think this doesn't hurt to improve while we're here

- Understand what computed names and class fields are.
- Describe function binding.
- Use inheritance with classes.

> - Explain why favoring Composition over Inheritance is suggested.

Reviewer: I think this line is fine in the knowledge checks, but could be rephrased slightly here to read a bit better / differentiate it. I would also remove the capitalization on composition / inheritance.
```suggestion
Understand why composition is generally preferred to inheritance
```
:point_up: just an idea, feel free to improve / tweak or come up with your own

3. [The MDN docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes) are, as usual, a great resource for going a little deeper. Look especially at the 'extends' and 'Mixins' sections. React (and other frameworks) uses classes in this way. You create your components and make them `extend` the core React component which gives you access to all their built-in functionality.
4. [This article](https://medium.com/@rajaraodv/is-class-in-es6-the-new-bad-part-6c4e6fe1ee65) provides some pros and cons for classes. [FunFunFunction's video on Composition over Inheritance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfMtDGfHWpA) elaborates on the cons mentioned in the article and does a great job of going over the topic. Many people think that class syntax is misleading for JavaScript and Inheritance is best avoided, and thus Factory Functions (from the previous lesson) that use Composition are inherently better. __WE__ are not saying that classes are bad or that Inheritance should never be used! We just want you to be informed of the opinions of both sides.

> </div>

Reviewer: Looks good, while we're here, would you mind updating the list style with the [new style guide recommendations?](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum/blob/main/LAYOUT_STYLE_GUIDE.md#nested-list-spacing)
